Tell me what you want to do.
Mr. Xiao, you and Jiang Wanyi have been married for so many years
I don't think anything happened.
What do you mean?
No wonder Jiang Wanyi is still thinking about getting pregnant
Mr. Xiao, between this couple
What happens?
Isn't it normal?
At that time, as long as Huaijing meets
No matter how good their relationship is, there will be a bottom line
Don't peek until you open your eyes
Do you hear me?
What did you prepare?
So mysterious
Well, you can open your eyes.
When did you buy it?
I prepared it before going to Jiangda
You can try it.
See what needs to be modified.
Mom, put it on and see
Little brother wants to see
Oh, dear.
Wow mom is so beautiful
10 inches is just right
You will wear this to our wedding
Mom has a phone
It's Brother Xiao, please take it
Hello little brother
Hello
I figured it out.
I agree to divorce